Enable Git submodule support (#1287)
microsoft/AL-Go: RELEASENOTES.md

- `PageScriptingTestResults` is a JUnit test results file with all results combined.
- `PageScriptingTestResultDetails` are the detailed test results (including videos) when any of the page scripting tests have failures. If the page scripting tests succeed - the details are not published.

### Support for Git submodule

[Git submodule](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Submodules) is now supported as part of CI/CD on your project.

> If you're already established your project repos outside the AL Go template, you may use submodule instead of placing and commiting your code directly to the repo generated by this template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you already have created your project repos outside the AL-Go template, you may use a git submodule instead of moving your code directly to the repo generated using this template.
```

Author: This suggestion is no longer applicable since the part is deleted as the outcome of below suggestion 
https://github.com/microsoft/AL-Go/pull/1287#discussion_r1825718824

> To use the Git submodule just simply remove entirely your project folder and replace it by adding your repo as submodule by running git command:

Reviewer: This part should be a separate scenario under _Scenarios_ and only referenced here.
